Coding Questions:

1.	Write a program for counting the number of every character of a given text file.
2.	Write a program to check prime number?
3.	Write a program to check Armstrong number?
4.	Write a program to print factorial of given number without using recursion?
5.	Write a program of Fibonacci series using generators 
6.	Program to find n’th Fibonacci number
7.	Write a program to print Fibonacci series without using recursion?
8.	Write a program to print Fibonacci series using recursion?
9.	Write a program to check prime number?
10.	Write a program to check palindrome number?
11.	Write a program to print factorial of given number without using recursion?
12.	Write a program to check Armstrong number?
13.	Write a program to reverse a given number?
14.	Given a list and find even numbers in that list using lambda function
15.	Remove duplicates from an array?
16.	Write a program to get the higher and lower nibble of a byte without using shift operator?
17.	Write a program to check if it is a palindrome number or not using a recursive method.
18.	Write a program to check the given number format is in binary or not.
19.	Write a program to find a sum of digits of a number using recursion.
20.	Write a program to Add Two Numbers Without Using the Addition Operator
21.	Write a program to Subtract Two Number Without Using Subtraction Operator
22.	Write a program to Multiply an Integer Number by 2 Without Using Multiplication Operator
23.	Write a program to Check whether the number is EVEN or ODD, without using any arithmetic or relational operators
24.	Write a program to Reverse the Linked List. Input: 1->2->3->4->5->NULL Output: 5->4->3->2->1->NULL
25.	Write a program to Check for Balanced Parentheses using Stack
26.	Write a program to find the node at which the intersection of two singly linked lists begins.
27.	Write a program to Merge Two sorted Linked List
28.	Write a program to swap two numbers without using the third variable?
29.	Write a program which takes a variable number of arguments.
30.	Write a program which takes a sequence of numbers and check if all numbers are unique.
31.	Write a program for counting the number of every character of a given text file.
32.	Write a program to check and return the pairs of a given array A whose sum value is equal to a target value N.
33.	Write a Program to add two integers > 0 without using the plus operator.
34.	Write a Program to solve the given equation assuming that a,b,c,m,n,o are constants:
	a.	ax + by = c
	b.	mx + ny = o
35.	Write a Program to match a string that has the letter ‘a’ followed by 4 to 8 'b’s.
36.	Write a Program to convert date from yyyy-mm-dd format to dd-mm-yyyy format.
37.	Write a Program to combine two different dictionaries. While combining, if you find the same keys, you can add the values of these same keys. Output the new dictionary
38.	How will you access the dataset of a publicly shared spreadsheet in CSV format stored in Google Drive?
39. 	How to reverse the order of words in a given string?
40. 	How to reverse each word in a given string?
41.	How to count the occurrence of each character in a string?
42.	How to find all possible substring of a given string?
43.	How to perform Left and Right circular rotation of an array?
44.	How to find if a positive integer is a prime number or not?
45.	How to find the sum of digits of a positive integer?
46.	How to find second largest integer in an array using only one loop?
47.	How to find the angle between hour and minute hands of a clock at any given time?

